some ninety-nine the Lord reigns let the
peoples tremble he dwells between the
cherubim
let the earth be moved
the Lord is great in Zion and he is high
above all the peoples let them praise
your great and awesome name he is holy
the Kings strength also loves justice
you have established equity you have
executed justice and righteousness in
Jacob exalted the Lord our God and
worship at his footstool he is holy
Moses and Aaron were among his priests
and Samuel was among those who called
upon his name they called upon the Lord
and he answered them he spoke to them in
the cloudy pillar they kept his
testimonies and the ordinance he gave
them you answered them O Lord our God
you were to them God who forgives though
you took vengeance on their deeds
exalt the Lord our God and worship at
his holy hill for the Lord our God is
holy
[Music]